Trying to find what you love to do, it has two brought answers for me.
The first of which is you hear this very often, follow your passion.
So personally my passion was music and art. I wasn't an engineer person
per se, when I was a kid all the way up until a couple years after
I joined the navy. That's right, I joined as an engineer and I
wasn't an engineer until after I got to my first ship. I, to tell you
the truth, I didn't even like it too much. I like talking languages,
and you know conversing with people, and you know writing stuff,
and typing on the computer. I did not want to see oil, I did not want
to touch a wrench you know, that wasn't for me, but in the end, it
brings me to my second point. Try to become really good at the skills
that you possess. So for me, I think I'm a good electrician. I became
a supervisor after some time, and it's not because I had a passion
for electrician things, it's because I found that I was good at
it, and that gave me motivation to learn more and more about it, and
once I started doing that then it became easy for me. And after it
becomes easy for you, then you can start explaining things really well,
you can start reading a book and learning more about it really well,
you start getting awards for it, you start you know wanting to
know more about it. So yeah those two things: follow your passion and
if that's not for you, then follow the skills that are provided to
you.